try us hello everybody out there in
internet land and welcome to the echo
fest documentation and developer UX
working group today is Monday the 14th
of October 20 19
I am your official unofficial leader
Jessica you can find more information
about these calls including where you
can find the notes document for we will
link to all the things we talk about in
the readme of the Knox repo at github
calm slash ipfs slash Docs thank you for
joining us for this meeting whenever and
wherever you may be in the universe I
don't believe we have any sort of
outstanding sort of one-off items so we
can just knit they're requiring
recurring items on this agenda and this
Wales remand order keeping in mind that
we have many epochs in this quarter and
some of them not all of them they have
activity every single week okay docks
Peter logic 1a Chris anyway this is the
the big epic beginning so I did make
some Headroom onto this the last last
week unfortunately then I got a little
bit sick as of last weekend so I lost a
bit of time and so I was in low-power
mode from until Wednesday
but then the main update for this
particular call is that I've been
setting up the individual tooling the
abstract you are looking at plugins and
the various systems that we'll use to to
basically orchestrate the the betta app
and launch that into a prototype stage
Eric and I had a discussion last
Thursday I think it was mainly around
the content that will initially target
for migration for the first two a
prototype and there is an issue which
I've linked in the dock that Eric has
sketched out all the individual check
marks for the content we've got based on
the new ia structure that we're going
for so there's there's not too much
visual to show now I'll save that for a
future call but essentially it's just
sort of preparation work making sure
that we we've got all all the individual
entities set up and making sure we're
kind of in the
good state to get that launched the what
can I say no I'll save the other stuff
earlier I'll pass the baton cool
I think 1b is just the the legacy dock
system deprecation plan since we're
still in the early stages of the quarter
we're not really adding a whole lot of
notes on that just just a reminder to
ourselves that if anything occurs to you
as you're working on anything else with
the docks Vita or anything related that
will require us to do some work as we
deprecate the old site please continue
to add it to that issue that's kind of
it for that one underneath epic to a
metrics definition and collection for
the Vita site um we're gonna hold off on
this for a little while based on two
things one a little bit more Vita site
definition under epic 1a and then also
wing John on boards to put together the
requirements for the nemetrix themselves
so no movement there and that's that's
fine
moving on to epic to be II did this
amazing thing for the is this helpful
feedback from is if it's all knocked up
yeah to be to be I am share the screen
please
I will choose desktop one now sharing
desktop one do we have it here no I
guess we do yeah I started out a
wireframe and then it just kind of
became more than a wireframe fully four
pages which don't have okay and 2b is
that always this up oh I get that too
this it feels like this is probably this
is probably done we just have to deal
with the outstanding question is how we
deal with feedback comments yes Chris
one thing probably worth capturing that
I haven't put into this issue yet but
I'll discuss it now for the second of
call is that Eric and I had a
conversation around trying to create
some uniform sort of metrics around the
replies instead of having potential just
loose form replies from from a submit
box so say if we had some stock answers
so if someone said no I don't like this
and then he said what if that is because
the contents out of date or it's because
it didn't solve my problem maybe it's a
base set of four or five things then at
least then we'd be able to graph out the
different sort responses and in more of
a metric driven sort of high-level
approach rather than having to pass all
the feedback manually and so that might
be one thing we could consider or it
could be that we do that as an
additional phase later on so we could
say we have a loose input now and you
see what happens and then and then we
could all benefit or meant that in the
future with some kind of stock answers
if that doesn't work out very well so we
still don't we're still yet to know
whether we get any actionable input from
those and things anyway so I love the
idea I mean yes it is one more click and
I know that you think about that and I
think we need posted yeah I mean I think
it's interesting because if we give them
like three options like
yeah contents out-of-date or didn't you
know something broke when I liner or
whatnot I think if we do that you're
right that's gonna give us a lot more
mathematically useful metrics I think
it's also going to increase the chances
of people not filling as a verbatim
dramatically but I'm not sure if that's
necessarily a bad thing for our purposes
mm-hmm yeah it's a difference we didn't
as I say we should test both approaches
I think because it could be that the
responses are so detailed and this
points that people will spend the time
and energy to reply or it could be that
actually we'll get more responses just
because it's one click away and you know
convenience usually wins most kind of
most cases especially scale but we don't
have like tremendous amount of traffic
that we're trying to analyze through
this it's more like I mean someone wants
to indicate a specific problem about a
piece of content and it really nice to
have the exact feedback so somewhere in
the middle we definitely want to
optimize it for ease of use so that we
get the input and there's no barrier to
entry so creating an issue feels like a
big blocker right so it's a it's going
off somewhere you gotta set titles up
and did it tagged you've got described
it so unless someone's by the time and
energy to do that they might not
necessarily do that so I'm trying to
find ways where we could at least get
hints and clues towards how we can take
actual input without too much user
generated input and usually maybe yeah
I'll try and summarize those thoughts
put them on the issue I think that's
breast perception but just to get it all
at my brain yeah I mean we have some
time you know the deadline through this
thing for this particular issue as it
was like when the docs Peter goes live
so sometime too awesome that we're sort
of I mean has one additional note which
will be just porting this back whether
or not we do this on the existing site
and on the new one or whether we try to
choose something that works with both
and or just one or the other I'm
inclined to just lumen on the Vita site
you know I think I
at the point where we don't want to be
putting work back into the the legacy
side Eric right
it was mocked up because this is all we
have right now is that is the dock site
as it is and to Chris's point we are
talking about a fraction of a fraction
in terms of the number of folks who will
who will be interacting with this and so
obviously making it as friction-free as
possible is going to be a big win
generally try to put as much friction
into my interactions as possible but
size entry and also I don't know if it
was mentioned currently on the docks on
the deck site the edit this page in
github is all the way down at the bottom
for so promoted it here on the notion
that you know this is sort of the hey
this page it's it's great or it's
evaluating on as a user here's here's
how you can evaluate this page so you
could tell us what you think or here's
how you can go ahead and enact a change
yes so maybe okay so it was about to be
like I think we shouldn't build any more
features into the existing site but I
think that's such a good one maybe that
is the one thing that we mean it's not
anything it's not a new feature it's
yesterday it's yeah they did great with
spring cleaning and it's things that are
small enough like that that could help
make it more obvious
do you mind Eric adding a new in issue
305 that says let's let me do this on
the Vita but let's move let's move 'edit
this page link on e alpha
yeah and then if you actually do click
yes now then then one thought here is to
actually give them you know should turn
that into a final an issue sort of a
thing to you know which supplants the
edit this page
they've already taken action which I
think I think it's awesome I think we
still have we still have the open
question about like services site and
text field lengths and how we capture
all of that that's something it sounds
like we're not really prepared to answer
yet but that we need to keep in the back
of our minds yeah we could we could
basically capture that into without
getting too technical Nicole but we can
throw it into the event log but it
doesn't get formatted we don't capture
who did it
so you have made follow-up all those
type of so those downsides to both the
issues the best way because then
obviously we can track it all the way
through we can alert on status and we
can reply to people just to you know
clarify what they were saying just in
case so partly if I were going for a
very long form feedback I rather push
them towards an issue because we're
gonna yeah interaction it a lot better
than we will with just a some kind of
static feedback input box which is a bit
more friction but the overall benefit is
that we can put it in our tool chain
like you mentioned before or final issue
and github parens this means we can
follow up with you you know something
you're super super sort of caridy rather
than sticky and just have a really well
formatted github issue template alright
first off are you talking about sticky
carrots because that sounds ii made and
it's toffee apple season said I just got
some awesome ones I could but the big
kind of people who are at this site and
are using our stuff to begin with you
know generally very github you folks yes
how about one thing then so they'll make
it a simpler implementation and a lot
quicker to deploy we've we do the first
step which is when anyone clicks yes or
no we create an issue link and a
template just to start with so that we
force people there and then if that
doesn't work out and people don't have
any feedback then we think about you
ways to implement other metrics because
that way we start pushing people in
tonight yes you can send us your
thoughts if this didn't distant
work out for you and I think if you if
you had the intermediate step of like
the click the button for the thing that
you didn't like and then if you wanted
to go further then that person searching
I think that gives them sort of an
initial step where they could give a
little bit more feedback I think if we
just said I'm straight through to get
hug like that can feel daunting like oh
wow even with you know even a really
well fleshed out template like
paradoxically looks looks like it's
probably gonna take longer to fill in
because there's like all this like
scaffolding text in the issue so yeah I
can see both sides of that maybe maybe
we talked through that a little bit hmm
or does this continues but that's a
thought thank ya I think it's a super
fascinating thing to try and figure out
because there's so many layers of what
there there's like is this person
comfortable with github and that and
then there's does this person feel like
oh I'm being a little bit too forward by
filing a full on issue as opposed to you
know I was just a little annoyed by this
page so I want I saw a thing to click so
yeah there might actually be an indirect
in indirect intermediate test in this if
we like like kind of like right now move
to the Edit this page and github link up
further next to in the existing site and
just like see if people see people yeah
that's why I'm supposing they're
thinking actually those two things so
see if we think about the metric step
with set of decisive actions as a new
thing so that's that we'd have to
discuss and figure out what kind of
things we wanted to track so that's
gonna take a little bit more time
between us to finalize on implement but
the migration of all the moving of the
link and proposing that they file an
issue of some sort or ID the page is
actually very quick because we
essentially just adding some additional
text is just saying thank you
it'll be thank you and and you could
either edit this page or you can file an
issue so that
could you get done very very fast and
then while we figuring out the next
stage we can at least leave that running
now and we can do that in the legacy say
just so that we see how exactly is that
something do you have time
yeah that's the I so that I'd happy to
commit to with what we're doing right
now so that's actually something to do
so because they're the ones a bit or
unknown and I'd rather develop that
within the context of whatever we're
building and for an improvement step so
I think that's a useful thing to port I
sort of feel like I sort of feel like
aside from yeah the changes to the
legacy say that this epic is sort of on
hold until we know a little bit more
about like the actual structure of the
site yeah okay let's wrap it up but that
sounds good I'll put a note in the
machine
thank you seven minutes let's zoom
through stuff III usability testing epic
to see so ipfs Colorado user testing day
is Wednesday being that I am currently
in Colorado I have signs of my clots now
I don't know can you read this um
they say Boulder UTC London and Sydney
okay
UTC the place so I think that's
Colorado's interesting day is Wednesday
Eric and I will be there I'm talking to
the peeps um potentially and handing out
some swag if not we're gonna sacrifice a
personal unused swag lately lately
unused swag it's gonna be ad hoc testing
just based on who shows up I think we
have I think we have two confirmed
scheduled appointments for folks who are
not organizers just like people in the
community um the two organizers also
want to do the testing and they have a
level of expertise and that can prove
very very useful which is awesome and
then we have some people who are coming
in through the day I'm gonna paying all
the attendees today just say like please
please set up a calendar time if they
don't then we're just gonna go hang out
in the lobby like hey who's here for
ipfs come on
testing we will write up a summary
document and and throw that in a github
issue when we're done and report back
here probably next next next Monday's
meeting how if we if we end up testing
the I I structure is the best way to do
that at this point still in workflow we
have a left yeah okay yeah I mean you
were sick I don't want to like I'm sorry
that sounds I I have I do have a page
structure already but I don't have all
the steps written out and so Eric and I
were discussing about it so what we're
gonna do the phase is actually creating
all the templates manually and then
porting in the content that we want for
each piece which unfortunately will take
longer so we'll have a few pages but we
won't have the full structure so the
test structure and it's pretty bad to
look at that as far as as far as like if
we're just showing him workflowy that
wouldn't click through to like any
content anyway so i just sort of wonder
do you think there's value in getting a
left-hand nav in in a you know
scaffolding site that legit doesn't link
to anything but is actually the
left-hand nav as we might see it and
that is my first target so i can race
event see if and get it done in time if
you happen to it looks more it looks
more legit if you know then you don't
sure exactly how good a you eric didn't
work either way Wendy's way we need that
bad you say sorry oh yeah it's up to you
I mean prioritizes is your best and I
mean I may be able to like if you could
set something up I'm able to bang out
populate yeah was something we can do
REME access to that awesome to happy to
do that okay let's set that as a as a
target but to have a back-up plan just
in case
future is voting issues routine Christy
put in some really good platforms
I contacted canny to see if they
special pricing is an open-source
project I just heard back from them like
20 minutes ago this is um we pricing for
early-stage startups how old are you or
like like five years so like this may
not be we may not have access to special
pricing for them
we're just because I do feel like you
know like I was a very canny pot like a
really really good fit
it's just you know maybe you know can we
justify him for a year of full freight
can't while we use it for futures
prioritisation there it's pretty simple
tool and unless we get a whole higher
number of track users then the pricing
doesn't jump up to the high tiers anyway
so we could commit to just giving it a
try at trial and see how we go and but
there are plenty of other clones that
are very similar that will also do an
equal or if not a good job so um could
spend half an hour just checking out the
others and see if there's something
similar it doesn't really make much
difference to me which we use in the end
I didn't do sort of feelings I'm gonna
be like in years years exercise I would
like it to continue to live by the whole
premise of starting us out is that we
can integrate this into a workflow long
term so if it doesn't work then yeah but
I'd like to give it a best chance
possible to integrate and I wish I wish
there was like voting features on github
issues because that would be a nice and
nice way of doing it rather than just
using emojis and you can't really count
okay all right I'll write them see what
they say um yeah I mean the intro the
entry tier isn't that expensive I guess
the only danger is that you know the
thing is like an amazing success and we
use it's prioritizing stack ranking
bunch of other things and then we're on
a platform this is a little worried
about my luck in but um but we can we
keep talking about that you know on
ecosystem audit Eric's do another stuff
watch this space
yeah and then content improvement user
driven and legacy come to improvement
epics 3a and 3b um
right you know we're all working on
other priorities and we haven't had a
lot of time to adjust these um but
continuing on with nine open user-driven
issues and 40 legacy issues 17 of those
issues are in the same queue on the
remaining of the four-year like long
term projects and they're sitting in the
icebox
so you know we're not we're not in the
horrible way um this will change soon as
once john gets on board it you
that'll be consumed the book if its
attention moving on epochs three c
content clips reading this is gonna be
known as primary onboarding tasks when
he joins us in november he's already
doing a little bit of exploratory work
on this which is awesome so and then
produce cool updates Joe what's up so
I've been I've been working on going
through the feedback button for the
draft of the regular file API tutorial
so I'm going through the feedback Eric
gave me I mean I'm working on the
feedback terry has given me now
so if I'll be working on that doing
great thank you so much very concise one
minute and smash do more of the thing it
is it is half past whatever time zone
you live in so this meeting is actually
officially over I can deposit or stop
the recording unless anybody alright
thank you so much world of the Internet
we will see you next Monday at five
o'clock UTC same bat-time same
bat-channel have a wonderful